# cs320
Developers should employ an environment that recommends secure patterns and promotes security best practices through notifications in the environment to guarantee that code, program, or software is functional and secure. They should also select their programming language and framework depending on the project's and company's requirements. One technique to assure functioning is for developers to be aware of the strengths and limitations of their chosen language so that they are aware of the difficulties. Finally, to make security best practices easier to follow, developers should automate their processes. Instead of doing security scans at the conclusion of the development process, the idea is to motivate developers to correct weaknesses throughout the natural flow of development.

I interpret user requirements by first reading to understand them and then breaking them down into components that will or will not operate with a software. The limitations on maximum length and empty submissions are two examples that spring to mind. The first was the names, which must not be null or more than ten characters long. I read it and used an if statement to include it into the program, which covered both failure scenarios. This is a fundamental method for converting a requirement into a program because it converts the need into a precondition for success. Sometimes there are more confusing regulations that require additional investigation.

When it comes to software development, we have two methods. One is the bottom-up strategy, which begins with the simplest components and subsystems. These components are used to generate or compose the following higher level components and subsystems. This strategy can be used with top-down techniques to mask low-level implementation details. Then there's the top-down method, in which each system is broken down into subsystems and components. Each subsystem is subdivided further into subsystems and components. This division procedure aids in the formation of a system hierarchy structure. The key benefit of a top-down approach is that it helps to make a design adaptable to its needs due to its strong focus on requirements.
